Add vlan plugin (#162)
CESNET/ipfixprobe: README.md

|:------------------:|:------:|:---------------------------------------:|
| SSA_CONF_LEVEL     | uint8  | 1 if SSA sequence detected, 0 otherwise |

### VLAN

> List of fields exported together with basic flow fields on interface by icmp plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
List of fields exported together with basic flow fields on the interface by VLAN plugin.
```
